Let's go ahead and set up Control Tower.
Now, this is not something
that I would recommend for you to do.
It is quite complicated.
It creates a lot of accounts
and there will be cost associated with creating
and using new services, which can be very, very costly.
So, I would really recommend for you
not to do this hands-on.
But for you to understand what Control Tower is,
I'm going to perform the steps in front of you
and you get a better idea of how it works.
So, we're going to create a Landing Zone,
and so as such, we have a Home Region.
This is where we are going to have
the home of Control Tower.
Then, you can deny access to a few regions
by enabling the region deny setting, so you can enable it
and say, "Okay, some regions should be denied."
Next, you have additional regions for governance.
So which regions do you want to be monitored
for governance purposes.
Again, I'm going to use all the defaults
to keep things simple.
Next, we have the OUs.
So, the OUs are gonna be part of your organization
and there is a Security OU that is being created
for the log archive accounts
and the security audit accounts.
Then, we're going to get an additional OU
called the Sandbox.
This is where you can have your other accounts,
for example, and you can create more OUs
after setting up your landing zone.
Okay, so next we have to create
those specific accounts for log and so on.
So, as you can see for the log archive accounts,
you can create a new account and you have to enter an email.
So for example, stephane+archive@example.com, right?
And this is the log archive accounts.
Next, we have the audit accounts.
And so, we can have stephane+audit@example.com,
and then we click on Next.
So in terms of additional configurations,
there is the AWS account access configuration.
So we can use IAM Identity Center to access
all the accounts within your control tower.
But if you wanted to,
you can also do self-manage account access,
but it is way more complicated.
So again, I would suggest you use the default
of using IAM Identity Center.
Next, we want to enable CloudTrail for everything,
and of course it is better to enable CloudTrail.
So, we'll have a look at CloudTrail
across our entire Landing Zone.
Then, do we want to send logs to Amazon S3?
This is optional.
I'm not going to touch any of these settings.
And finally, do we want to have KMS encryption?
This is optional, but we could have a KMS key
to encrypt everything.
Overall, I'm not going to do this.
I just want to keep it simple for my Landing Zone.
So as we can see now, we have two OUs
created as part of my Landing Zone.
We have the Security and the Sandbox OU.
We have a management account.
We have log archive and audit accounts.
And then, we're good to go,
account access configuration, and perfect.
So, I understand that this will create a lot of resources
on my behalf and this can take a lot of time.
And so as such, I will be paying a lot of money if I do so.
So, I will click on Setup Landing Zone
but you don't have to do it really.
It's just for you to watch this lecture.
So as you can see, the setup is going to take
about 60 minutes, and it's going to take a long time.
It's going to set up two OU, three shared accounts,
a native cloud directory with preconfigured group
and single sign-on access,
and 20 preventive guardrails to enforce policies,
and two detective guardrails
to detect configuration violations.
So, a lot of things are being set up.
I'm just going to wait a little bit until this is done.
Okay, so my Landing Zone is now available.
And it has set up two things.
Two organizational units,
three shared accounts with master accounts
and isolated accounts for log archive and security audit.
There's a native cloud directory with single sign-on access
and I'll show you this in a second.
And then, 20 preventive guardrails to enforce policies
and two detective guardrails
to detect configuration violations.
So, a lot of things was created using Control Tower.
And if I go to Organizations right now,
I can show you right away what was created.
So as we can see here,
we have the three accounts already in my organization.
And if I look to organize accounts,
we see there's custom and core organizational units.
So, in core we have the audit and archive.
And in the custom, we currently have no accounts, okay?
So, we shouldn't manage the accounts
through organizations though.
We should every time manage the accounts
through Control Tower.
And so, here are some recommendations.
So add or register OUs, configure your account factory,
more guardrails and review users and access,
and then review shared accounts.
So, a lot of things are happening here in this dashboard.
We get also access to non-compliant resources
based on the rules that we have defined.
We get some information
around the registered OU that have been created
and whether or not they're in compliance.
That's perfect.
As well as all the enrolled accounts into my accounts.
And for the guardrails,
we can view all the guardrails right here.
We can review guardrails, and so here we get the information
around all the rules that allow,
that are enforced on our OUs, for example.
Disallow the deletion of log archive.
Obviously that makes a lot of sense.
Disallow public read access to log archive and so on.
Disallow configuration changes to CloudTrail.
All these kind of things are excellent to have
and are set up by Control Tower
according to best practices, okay?
You could always create accounts right here.
So, you can view all the accounts here.
And then in the OU you can, then show your OU,
and add an OU if you wanted to.
And here is the guardrails.
The account factory is how you enroll an account
into your Control Tower, which is great.
Users and access.
So, this is how you manage the user access
to your whole account sets.
So, we have a single sign-on right here
and there is a user portal URL right here.
And the way to handle user entity management right now
is with single sign-on, which is a service by AWS.
Shared accounts are here, landing zone settings, and so on.
So as we can see, this is a full management suite
for multiple accounts.
And so if we go into the SSO portal,
as we can see here there's a sign-in button.
And then, there's a password that I have to share.
So, I'll just use the password that I have right here
that I've created from before.
And I sign in.
And now I am into my SSO.
And I'm able to log into any of my three AWS accounts.
So, we have the audit accounts, the log archive accounts,
and the Stephane CCP accounts
directly accessible from this UI.
So for example, if I want to go into the audits,
I can click here to go into the management console
of this audit account or click here for,
get the command line or programmatic access.
So it is really, really neat.
And here I go, I am into my audit account right now.
So it really shows you the power of Control Tower.
Now, it's not something
that you would do on your own, obviously.
And now that I've moved away from my accounts
and then to reload my screen,
but this is to show you that,
yeah it's quite handy I would say.
So, I'm just going to login back into my CCP accounts.
It's quite handy to use Control Tower in your accounts
to set up multiple accounts going to best practices,
and manage it from there.
So, if you are an organization
that wants to have a multiple best practice AWS set up,
then please use Control Tower.
Okay, that's it.
I hope you liked this lecture
and I will see you in the next lecture.